docs: Split interactive docs section into subpages (#3561)
vega/altair: doc/user_guide/interactions/index.rst

.. currentmodule:: altair

.. _user-guide-interactions:

Interactive Charts
==================

One of the unique features of Altair, inherited from Vega-Lite, is a
declarative grammar of not just visualization, but also *interaction*.
This is both convenient and powerful,
as we will see in this section.
There are three core concepts of this grammar:

- Parameters are the basic building blocks in the grammar of interaction.
  They can either be simple variables or more complex selections
  that map user input (e.g., mouse clicks and drags) to data queries.
- Conditions and filters can respond to changes in parameter values
  and update chart elements based on that input.
- Widgets and other chart input elements can bind to parameters
  so that charts can be manipulated via drop-down menus, radio buttons, sliders, legends, etc.
- Expressions allow for custom calculation via writing basic formulas.
  These can be used for fine-controlled interactivity,
  and are also available outside encodings.
- JupyterChart allow access to Altair's parameters from Python,
  e.g. printing the values of a selection in the plot.

> 

Author: Great catch @dangotbanned ! I tried rewording it, let me know what you think

.. currentmodule:: altair

.. _user-guide-interactions:

Interactive Charts
==================

One of the unique features of Altair, inherited from Vega-Lite, is a
declarative grammar of not just visualization, but also *interaction*.
This is both convenient and powerful,
as we will see in this section.
There are three core concepts of this grammar:

- Parameters are the basic building blocks in the grammar of interaction.
  They can either be simple variables or more complex selections
  that map user input (e.g., mouse clicks and drags) to data queries.
- Conditions and filters can respond to changes in parameter values
  and update chart elements based on that input.
- Widgets and other chart input elements can bind to parameters
  so that charts can be manipulated via drop-down menus, radio buttons, sliders, legends, etc.

> In addition to the three core concepts,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to these concepts,
```

> there are two additional components that enchances the capabitlities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there are two additional components that enhance the capabilities
```
